README.md, before:

# Moodle Submission ZIP Processor

This Python script is designed to process and organize zip files containing student submissions downloaded from Moodle's "Download all submissions" feature. It extracts files from the zip archive, renames them based on the submitter's name, and organizes them in a new directory structure.

## Authorship

This program was written collaboratively by Claude.ai and Pito Salas.

## Features

- Processes zip files generated by Moodle's "Download all submissions" feature
- Handles PDF, HTML, Python (.py), and Markdown (.md) files
- Extracts and organizes internal zip files
- Renames files based on the submitter's name
- Creates a clean output directory structure

## Requirements

- Python 3.x

## Usage

1. Place the script in the same directory as your Moodle submission zip file (or provide the path to the zip file when running the script).

2. Run the script from the command line:

   ```
   python moodle_submission_processor.py [input_zip_file]
   ```

   If no input file is specified, the script will look for a file named `in.zip` in the current directory.

3. The script will create a new directory with the processed files. The output directory will be named after the input zip file with "out" appended to it.

## Output

- PDF, HTML, Python, and Markdown files will be renamed using the submitter's name and placed in the root of the output directory.
- ZIP files will be extracted into subdirectories named after the submitter.
- Other file types will be skipped.

## Example

If you have a file named `assignment_submissions.zip`:

```
python moodle_submission_processor.py assignment_submissions.zip
```

This will create a directory named `assignment_submissionsout` containing the processed files.

## Notes

- The script assumes that each submission folder in the Moodle zip file is named with the submitter's name followed by an underscore and additional information.
- Any existing output directory will be deleted and recreated during processing.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues:
- Ensure you have Python 3.x installed.
- Check that the input zip file exists and is not corrupted.
- Verify that you have write permissions in the directory where the script is run.

For any other issues or feature requests, please contact the script maintainers.

## Acknowledgements

Special thanks to Claude.ai and Pito Salas for their collaborative effort in creating this script. This project demonstrates the potential of human-AI collaboration in developing practical software solutions.

Commit message:

adding instructions to build an executable

README.md, after:

# Moodle Submission ZIP Processor

This Python script is designed to process and organize zip files containing student submissions downloaded from Moodle's "Download all submissions" feature. It extracts files from the zip archive, renames them based on the submitter's name, and organizes them in a new directory structure.

## Authorship

This program was written collaboratively by Claude.ai and Pito Salas.

## Features

- Processes zip files generated by Moodle's "Download all submissions" feature
- Handles PDF, HTML, Python (.py), and Markdown (.md) files
- Extracts and organizes internal zip files
- Renames files based on the submitter's name
- Creates a clean output directory structure

## Requirements

- Python 3.x

## Usage

1. Place the script in the same directory as your Moodle submission zip file (or provide the path to the zip file when running the script).

2. Run the script from the command line:

   ```
   python moodle_submission_processor.py [input_zip_file]
   ```

   If no input file is specified, the script will look for a file named `in.zip` in the current directory.

3. The script will create a new directory with the processed files. The output directory will be named after the input zip file with "out" appended to it.

## Output

- PDF, HTML, Python, and Markdown files will be renamed using the submitter's name and placed in the root of the output directory.
- ZIP files will be extracted into subdirectories named after the submitter.
- Other file types will be skipped.

## Example

If you have a file named `assignment_submissions.zip`:

```
python moodle_submission_processor.py assignment_submissions.zip
```

This will create a directory named `assignment_submissionsout` containing the processed files.

## Notes

- The script assumes that each submission folder in the Moodle zip file is named with the submitter's name followed by an underscore and additional information.
- Any existing output directory will be deleted and recreated during processing.

## Building an executatble

You can use this command to create a Mac executable:

```
pyinstaller --onefile ze.py
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues:
- Ensure you have Python 3.x installed.
- Check that the input zip file exists and is not corrupted.
- Verify that you have write permissions in the directory where the script is run.

For any other issues or feature requests, please contact the script maintainers.

## Acknowledgements

Special thanks to Claude.ai and Pito Salas for their collaborative effort in creating this script. This project demonstrates the potential of human-AI collaboration in developing practical software solutions.
